the negotiated ceasefire in Israel's
Relentless bombing of Gaza means some
Palestinians are able to return to their
neighborhoods but nothing looks or feels
familiar anymore total annihilation of
homes communities the complete
destruction of the fabric of life
here as you can see thousands of
residential units were destroyed the
same with other residential complexes in
the north where to go where to sleep
this was my house and now my family and
I are homeless many are still buried
under the debris I cannot even pick some
of my clothes from under the rubble to
put on my back however we are not
leaving we're holding our ground even if
I live in a tent I will not abandon my
homeland many others said the same as
they first laid eyes on their
neighborhoods the destruction
absolute people also taking advantage of
The Quiet Skies to fill up their tanks
life has been on hold here for more than
7 weeks it's the third of a 4-day
ceasefire delicately negotiated by Kad
Egypt and the United States to
facilitate
this the second group of captives were
released on Saturday night after an
hour's long delay 13 Israelis and four
Tha Nationals were handed over by Hamas
to the Red Cross who arranged their
transfer to the Egyptian controlled
Rafer Crossing where they were then
brought back into
Israel as part of the deal the Israelis
released 39 pal in women and children
from their jails in the occupied West
Bank on Saturday night crowds gathered
to welcome them is jaaba spent eight
years in an Israeli prison for a charge
she
denies my wounds are visible and my
struggles I don't want to talk about
them the yearning for family this is the
price the prisoners
pay on Sunday a third exchange is
expected for now the Palestinian death
toll is on hold as people take stock of
the extent of the destruction but there
is little relief here as they wonder
what will happen once the 4-day
ceasefire comes to an end Stephanie
Decker Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer